my name is Peter Parker I'm pretty sure
you know the rest I saved the city fell
in love then I saved the city again and
again and again look I'm a comic-book
serial to get a Christmas album and it's
soso popsicle but this isn't about me
not anymore
spider-man swings in once a day zip zap
zop in his little mask and answers to no
one I love you morons dad are you
serious
I wanna hear dad I love you Oh God my
name is Miles Morales
I'm the one and only spider-man at least
that's what I thought you behaved the
supercollider you're gonna love this
dimension oh you know like me that's
impossible
all right kid listen up this part is
your universe saga it's weird it's gross
and this delicious normal fry is my
universe so you want to learn to be
spider-man teen teacher yes I can time
to swing good double tap to release and
quit it out again grip and release your
natural sweat hey guys who are you I'm
Gwen Stacy I'm from another another
dimension
how many more spider people are there
hey fellas
this could literally not get any weirder
it can get weird okay we need to get
back to our universes soon Brooklyn is
gonna collapse my family lives in
Brooklyn whoa this is better yes
[Music]
it's mine
if I don't destroy the collider none of
us will have a home to go home soon
remember what makes you different that's
wrong
is what makes you spider-man
officer I love you wait do animals talk
in this dimension cuz I don't want to
freak him out
[Music]
[Applause]